welcome!
Craft video!
That's right, Edgar. We are doing craft videos.
* Push away Edgar* ... but not for you, Edgar, go away
Go away, Edgar
This is not your movie!
* stalking *
Hey, Doggy ("dog" means? pewds are called small creatures between the legs, not maya)
Hey, we have Doggy (not sure if the spelling is doggy or what...the room?) We have raised him for a while, but never let him expose it on my channel.
He is a hedgehog
Obviously we have a hedgehog. He runs very fast
As you can see (not as fast as Sonic)
But do you know what I am thinking?
Even faster!
Obviously, Doggy needs...
Sonic classic shoes
I didn't know what to shoot today, but Marzia said, "Why don't you do small crafts?"
So today we will come to Doggy.
First, do Sonic's shoes...
We need red felt
Thicker, used to make soles
There are also yellow and white. If you want to be crazy again, we will give him a hat (Sonic's hedgehog...)
I have never done any crafts in my life, so I don't understand why I am qualified to make this film.
But no matter what, let's get started. OK, we must first do a good job.
This thing is a bit like... very thick plastic stuff (??).
These are all I went to the craft shop with Marzia and we went to the craft shop for the film.
Ok, we have a shoe sole
We are doing extremely serious work, okay? It’s definitely not a "bad weekend..."
"DYI...?"
D...D...(unexpected)
Marzia: DIY
"...DIY"
Do you think this is funny?
Then go ahead, we are already done...
*Maya goes forward to observe*
Made two soles. It is approved by Maya. Maya, do you recognize it?
*thinking*
*Ran*
I think that means "YES"!
Ok, let's take this step, we need
* Stealing the phone * Do... that, the one above the footboard.
Is this piece
If I want to do it for myself, it will become like this. do you understand me?
Do you understand me????
I want this piece to be consistent with the sole...
Then we have to follow it
I will cut it a little bigger because we need it a little bigger... right, Marzia?
Marzia: Uh huh
Am I right?
See how accurate my instincts are.
These years of ... what (P forget the words I want to say) gave me a wealth of knowledge
Take me with me, let my mind find the answer
People go to school, they go to the craft school
I have never been to a craft school (self-feeling good)
Having said that, do you still remember the stupid movie that "Have your smile lost"?
There is a person inside the hedgehog belly. You may wonder why there are hedgehogs, well, that is why we raise hedgehogs.
After we saw it, we thought, "It’s so cute, we want a hedgehog right away."
That's it, the hedgehog is like this.
Ok, now we come
...if you ask me, I think it’s quite like Sonic’s shoes.
A little secret: glue gun
Hot melt glue gun. Professionals use glue guns. All professional.
Look at Maya
It is in use
Taking advantage of the glue gun heating, let's take a look (top of Sonic's shoes)
*By hot melt adhesive to *
There is a piece across the shoe, we have to cut it out.
This requires a high degree of precision and expertise --
*Poisoning status*
- Focus. Now I feel like playing CUPHEAD, it’s exactly the same
Video game reporters are impossible to do
* Flight attendant*
It seems that we are doing well, buddy. I feel very proud now, but I know what you are thinking:
"Felix is ​​not sticky"
"This is not sticky at all."
Oh oh oh a little further away
like this
M: I don't quite keep up.
You better keep up if you want to join "Pewdiepie's crafting"
My new channel
"This is my new channel" is also the stalk created by me.
No other youtuber... will take "do craft channel" as a joke and really implement
Get it!
Then we have to cut out a hole so that the foot can reach in, right?
M: Uh huh
Right? M: Uh huh.
Yes, so we have to do this next, right. (confirm *n times) M: Right?
Then I am now...
M: Don't do too much, I know you will do too much.
Marzia, I know
M: Why do you only make one pair (shoes), I don't mean to have two pairs (real world hedgehog has four legs)
Yes, but that...
How many Sonic shoes are there? Marzia?
How is this hole?
M: Yeah, is it a good hole?
Not too small? For little feet
This is actually quite interesting... I have never done handicrafts before.
My other genius-level move:
You can see this sole, I am doing a little small
So what we have to do is squeeze the glue from the outside and stick it... this is what I think of.
M: No, no, no, what are you doing?
M:NONONONONONO
No, this is my Idea... Are you not saying this way?
Look, look at it
Wait, OH NO, this thing is very swaying, 哎哟
As you can see, my hand...
In adjusting...
Another shoe
This is what Marzia tried to do for me (rotten)
(...is yours)
And this is
The one I am doing
I should have done this for you, it will be simpler.
Ok, you can see that we are sticking them up --
I am stuck... very precise
We work hard here (lazy)
Very busy very crafty (craft=handcraft, crafty has awkward meaning)
*Marzia呛pewds is doing badly*
Hey, you can clearly see the improvement.
Guess which one is what I did?
M: This is not sticky yet.
Don't care too much.
We haven't finished yet. We also need to add socks
Sonic is wearing a small socks
Why are you so skilled with glue guns? I always squeeze too much when I use them.
Do you have a Sonic fan?
Fast, fast and fast
Look at this Sonic shoes, MAN
M: There is glue hanging on your hand.
Yes, the speed of the shoes is too fast, so the surface is melted.
Why do I always squeeze too much glue? I don't understand.
Handicraft, what is the most annoying
It's all for Doggy, ok?
The child we love, he needs this
You may want to know what I am doing, I am actually making an egg... a circle (may be old, accidentally messing up egg/ring)
We are doing a circle because we all know that Sonic likes the circle (what is the yellow circle in the game?)
And we don't know...
*Talk to Marzia* In fact, he (Doggy) likes your jewelry very much (jewellery refers to jewelry), isn't it?
M: Uh huh
OMG, Sonic... Doggy also likes jewelry
This looks like a circle
It's a bit like those boring... like Sonic's meme and the like.
This actually did not imagine the difference.
Not?
I thought it would be worse.
I think my first craft is just the first lesson in 500 lessons.
This looks neat and tidy
I know what you want to ask now:
Can he wear these shoes?
Probably not, NO
He is in a bad mood now.
He looked at me like saying "What the hell"
You can see that he has set up the thorns... there is a piece on the head (sawdust?)
Hey, do you see what we have to give you?
Oh, I think we should measure the size first because this is too small.
Do you know Doggy, I have worked hard, this is my first time doing craftsmanship.
I have never even done to Eddie (who?)
Please be sure to love me.
Too small
Oh, no, ah.
Doggy, do you like this circle?
Ok, then, uh...
Marzia, you did this.
You made another pair of shoes because our camera didn't have electricity... (so didn't take it)
Oh! This seems to fit well.
As you can see, this is really a good idea... (shoes are gone)
Seriously, have you actually done two pairs without any one suitable?
Oh, let's wear this stupid hat for him (make sure it's not a wig)
I made this when you were busy making shoes.
Very beautiful Sonic hat
I am sure he will
* I want to get rid of the foreign objects on my head*
I will definitely like it.
Well, this is the first episode in many series.
If you have any ideas, or want to see Doggy for a while
Maybe next time we will do something for Slippy.
This time, "Crafting with Pewds" ends here, and the next episode sees you.
GOODBYE
He wants to sleep here. He used to sleep here super cute DE
Dear friends and relatives (Squad fam), 啪咔嚓 (refresh the sound of the five senses)
...??
Ok, because it was a complete failure.
And the hat is doing the best, isn't it? I know what you are thinking about.
Slippy needs a hat, no guessing wrong (...10 minutes?)
Now let's make a hat for Slippy.
He has been thinking for a long time, he said:
"Fe...Fellur"
Why don't you give me a hat and let me... wear?
We must first cut this small piece.
This will be the front end of the hat
You know, hats are like this.
If the hat has this little thing, it should be very cute.
This will be the front end of the hat...
This will be the top stuff
Slippy is a big trend, but everyone doesn't know, but we have to stick him up.
...this time I feel like I am doing what I am doing... I mean I know what I am doing every time.
Ok, now
There are some extra parts
Don't worry, the extra is OK, because we can cut them off.
As I cut it off...
My marriage is the same
Maya is jealous because we are taking this
She is saying, "Why don't you shoot me?"
When I was doing this, I was extremely focused... try to keep up.
If you have jealousy or hedgehog, this will be a good teaching film for you, you can try to do it yourself.
Ok, we have to get some glue.
At the edge of this thing
This is the weird thing... Why does PEWDIEPIE fall so far?
I just want to say sorry to the DIY community on youtube.
This starts to look like a hat, as you said there is a little extra
But remember how I told you before?
Excess is a good thing
...what happened?
*M is laughing* What is going on?
Do you want to wear this?
We have to take a white mic pen to draw a sign on the top of the hat.
Be very careful to write
This is really hard, I am focusing
"Let PEWDIEPIE be great again"
I want to abbreviate a word (PDP, not enough position)
Looks a bit like tweet
She looks like Super Mario
so cute
Ok, let's go.
I am very excited now.
Slippy? How are you doing? Brother?
I now find that I overestimate your size.
OMG
OMG (laugh)
I can't think of this real thing (laugh)
He likes it very much.
* Resentful eyes*
He has no stool or something else.
M: He looks very hot.
He seems super angry
He is saying "What is on my face, dude"
OMG
This works. I am a craftsman, I am a craftsman.
It has been identified
That's it
I am exhausted, so tired